[Merged by Bors] - Rename Eth1/Eth2 in documents (#3021)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/validator-doppelganger.md

From Lighthouse `v1.5.0`, the *Doppelganger Protection* feature is available for the Validator
Client. Taken from the German *[doppelgänger]*, which translates literally to "double-walker", a

> "doppelganger" in consensus client refers to another instance of a validator running in a separate validator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"doppelganger" in the context of Ethereum proof-of-stake refers to another instance of a validator running in a separate validator
```
